Fourth grandpa, don't worry about drinking water.
Slowly say crested finch
Since the Pantheon International Desert Center was built
What is there for us small and medium-sized enterprises?
It's kind of charitable.
Why do you say so?
Daji has disrupted all industries of the celebration
Clothing manufacturers are small
I haven't woken up the order for half a year now.
I just
If it weren't for the fourth grandfather being cornered
I wouldn't have the cheek to save you for him
Fourth master, fourth master, you get up first, get up first
I know I know
You are now responsible for the cooperation with Sun's Group.
You see
Can you divide some of the Sun Group?
Let's do it.
Forget it, I have no problem here.
This thing has to be done by grandpa
Well, let's go talk to grandpa together
Don't find me
I have come
Oops thank him for shutting up
Do you have a say here?